# Prakriya-tutorial-sharing-application-for-lost-recipe.

Prakriya is a sanskrit word which means process. Cooking is all about Tradition and experimentation. Ancient Indian cuisine has been an integral part of India. Most people have a deep association with the Kitchen, which sort of make experiences with food nothing short of valued inheritances. Grandmothers will pass the chutney (sauce) recipe with the same intensity as someone pass on princess cut diamond ring handed down through generations. But most of these ancient recipes are lost in time as many don’t even have a written document.

The aim of the Prakriya is to collect ancient lost recipes into one accessible library and for the better understanding, complete tutorials to achieve the same flavor and taste. Old custom-made Indian Cuisine (Desi) recipes which varies from regions, societies and conventions can be carried under a solitary rooftop with the assistance of Prakriya. Prakriya likewise gives its users to investigate the best of ancient Indian cooking with the first-class plans, for example, curries, chutneys and increasingly flavorful dishes. With the accessibility of internet to all parts of the world, some of the recipes are available online on different video streaming websites but there is no one stop application available as if now, one of the goals of Prakriya is to achieve this.

With the help of Prakriya all users can access and quickly search the lost recipes. Prakriya will also enable users to prepare a good quality meal in a short span of time using the only ingredients which are available with them. Prakriya will also allow paid users to add there recipes along with tutorial and after verifying their cuisine with our advisors we can publish it to our website. Prakriya will enable the users to quickly search the recipe notes based on recipe and regional types.
